docs: Document BPF host routing incompatibility with Istio (#38338)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/performance/tuning.rst

in any of the Cilium pods and look for the line reporting the status for
"Host Routing" which should state "BPF".

.. note::

>    BPF host routing is incompatible with Istio (see this issue `GH#36022 <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/36022>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   BPF host routing is incompatible with Istio (see :gh-issue:`36022` for details).
```

Author: That looks much more compact. Thanks for the suggestion. Done!
